Originally a labourer in a Corpo-state, after a relatively uneventful and obedient life on a planet near the boundaries of the Core sector Anderson was assigned to manage a printer at a frontier dig site. Hoping for a more interesting posting, he accepted. Information security was tight, but the range of items fabbed was interesting at least. His situation became a lot more interesting when a team of unmarked mechs descended on the facility shortly after a shuttle launch, sweeping the site and destroying computer systems and eliminating staff. Anderson rallied the staff - using blasting charges, they collapsed tunnels on the attackers, then sealed others behind them and retreated to a printer to fab up a mech and replacement distress beacon system. A day later, they surged out to take down the attackers, but they were long gone, leaving behind only a handful of standard-pattern automated defence drones. Nothing was left in the depths of the excavation site, but none of the survivors had ever been down that far.

It's still not clear whether the attackers were a strike team from a rival Corp, or a clean-up team from his own. It's not clear why they arrived - presumably related to whatever was found at the dig, but none of the survivors had been into the deep mines. Ever since, Anderson has wondered what could possibly have been worth the chaos and destruction.

Now, Anderson trusts the Union whose distress teams recovered him far more than the Corpro-states whose games he got caught up in.